# WindowsService_MachineLog

This project is a Windows service that generates machine logs when the machine starts, shuts down, and at regular intervals. The logs are stored in the base directory in *.txt file format with the current date and time.

## Features

- Generates logs when the machine starts.
- Generates logs when the machine shuts down.
- Generates logs at regular intervals of 30min.
- Logs are stored in the base directory in *.txt file format with the current date and time.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   

   git clone https://github.com/dandelion-0/WindowsService_MachineLog.git
   


2. Open the project in Visual Studio.

3. Build the project to generate the executable file.

4. Open the command prompt.

5. Navigate to the appropriate .NET framework directory for your machine. For 64-bit machines, use the following command:
   

   cd C:\Windows\Microsoft.NET\Framework64\v4.0.30319
   


6. Install the service using the following command:
   

   InstallUtil.exe <..\SnowDrop_WindowsService_MachineLog\SnowDrop\bin\x64\Debug\SnowDrop.exe>
   


7. To uninstall the service, use the following command:
   

   InstallUtil.exe -u <..\SnowDrop_WindowsService_MachineLog\SnowDrop\bin\x64\Debug\SnowDrop.exe> 

   
   
## Logs

The logs generated by the service are stored in the base directory in *.txt file format with the current date and time. Each log file is named with the format `ServiceLog_dd-MM-yyyy.txt`.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas or suggestions, please create a new issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please contact the project maintainer at [dandelion00@tutanota.com]

Feel free to visit our project page on GitHub: [WindowsService_MAchineLog](https://github.com/dandelion-0/WindowsService_MachineLog/)
